
Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan

Nyan nyan nyan nyan
nyan nananana nyan nyan 
nananananana nana nyan 
nyan nyan nanana nyan
